Previously on Will Trent...
No! What the hell's your
boyfriend doing here, huh?
What, did you chase
the ambulance here, Trent?
You know how I said
I grew up in a group home?
Will was there.
We could go to the cops.
They won't do anything.
He walked into your room
in the middle of the night
and raped you.
Are you worried
I'm gonna start using again?
Angie,
I know all of you.
How about the next time
you want to run,
give it 24 hours.
See if it passes.
Okay.
Been waiting a long time
for today.
Hopefully, we can
all finally move on.
No matter
what LaPorte gets,
it won't make up
for what he did.
Now fry, cop killer!
Enjoy Hell, LaPorte.
Andrew Hollis was my friend!
Come on.
It's the cuffs.
Look at this place.
We gotta keep moving.
I love your outfit.
Thank you.
It's my favorite.
Not used to the shoes,
yet, though.
Ouch.
Are you a lawyer?
Oh, God, no.
Um... GBI.
But with how often
I testify here,
I might as well have
my own parking spot.
But it is hopping
in here today, huh?
Were those gunshots?
We're gonna be
all right, okay?
Just breathe.
What's your name again?
- Bonnie.
- Bonnie, I'm Faith.
We're gonna be okay.
No service. Of course.
My daughter. She's--
She's in the court.
I'm a mom, too.
I get it.
But stay calm, okay?
Where's the kind
we usually get, Betty?
♪ Doesn't take much
to make me happy ♪
They must have moved
things around.
♪ And make me smile with glee ♪
♪ Never, never will
I feel discouraged ♪
We need these.
♪ 'Cause our love's no mystery ♪
Can we get the regular kind
instead of whole wheat?
Sure, yeah.
If that, uh, works for you.
Hey...
That's bad bitch Betty!
What did you just call her?
That is bad bitch Betty, right?
♪ Want the whole wide world
to see ♪
Listen, I'm not sorry.
Betty is very popular
on the socials.
You didn't even bother
to ask, huh?
This is Trent.
♪ You've got the best
of my love ♪
Courthouse?
Isn't Faith there today?
Yeah, okay, I'm just a--
a block south.
All right, I'm on my way.
All right, look, um...
Don't do anything stupid,
all right?
♪ Oh, oh, you've got
the best of my love ♪
Get those civilians
out of here.
Take them to
the Clerk's office.
Oh, fantastic.
It's the second responders.
You're welcome.
Will Trent, GBI.
- Here to assist.
- Tate Grillo, APD.
Uh, ground floor's secured.
No reported injuries yet,
but we believe
LaPorte stole a pistol
from security.
This courthouse has 14 exits.
Six have security blind spots.
Foster kid.
Spent a lot of time
in this building.
Let's put
that knowledge to use.
Sam LaPorte's smart.
He knows how
to get people to trust him,
but make no mistake,
he's a cold-blooded killer.
You know a lot
about our fugitive.
He killed my partner.
Then let's find him.
Excuse me.
- I said excuse me.
- Hey, don't even--
Hey, hey, hey! Hey!
Shut up! Shut up!
Keep breathing, Bonnie.
We're okay.
Come here.
Get over here.
I said don't move.
Please, please.
Look, she didn't do anything.
Look,
I'm Faith Mitchell.
I'm with the GBI,
and I can help you.
Faith Mitchell?
You don't say.
Okay, look.
Put your gun on the ground
and kick it over there.
Slowly.
Look, if you pull
that trigger,
everyone will know
exactly where you are.
Move! Move!
It's up here, on the left.
Put your hands
on your head!
Where is he?
He was gonna kill me,
but she
Who?
Who were you with?
She...
Is this hers?
Where is she?
He took her.
And my car keys.
Ormewood, tell dispatch that
LaPorte is armed and dangerous.
And he's taken
Faith Mitchell hostage.
Slow down.
We don't need any
unnecessary attention.
I have a son. Jeremy.
He's a freshman
at A.C. Tech.
Look, I love that kid.
So I will drive you
to the end of this world
if that means that
I'll see him again.
I'm diabetic,
and I left my kit
at the courthouse,
so if we're gonna
do that,
then we need
to stop for medicine.
Keep straight.
Where are we going?
FAITH [muffled]: Help!
Help!
Oh, are you there, God?
Oh.
It's me-- Faith.
Dumb joke. Sorry.
Okay.
I'm in a bit of a jam right now.
Maybe you noticed.
Okay, okay.
Relax, relax.
Come on. Yes.
Breathe [groans] space
into the joints...
...through the spine.
Lengthen the arms.
Tighten the core.
Oh, my God!
Why don't we do this
in hot yoga?
Sorry, God. I'm back.
Listen, I need help.
Please don't let
this be my time.
I need to be here for Jeremy.
Please, please, please, please!
Aah!
Thank you, God.
Thank you,
Shanti from hot yoga.
Now please don't let
this latch be broken.
You're under arrest!
Once again, my name is
Special Agent Faith Mitchell,
and I'm with the GBI.
Obviously, I know how
to get out of a trunk.
This is not
what we discussed!
I went in there
and got meds for you.
It was a nice gesture!
Where you going? Where you
going? Where you going?
We're switching cars.
Come on.
Stay right there.
Do not move.
Help!
All right, listen up.
Sam LaPorte has stolen
a black Ford F-150.
APD is patrolling
his previous addresses.
They got a half an hour on us,
but we will find that truck.
Let's go! Be safe!
I got a bad feeling about this
angry mob of trigger-happy cops.
Yeah. Me, too.
We'll find her,
but chasing that truck's
a fool's errand.
It's one of the most
common vehicles in Georgia.
And even if we got lucky
and found the one
LaPorte stole,
a high-speed pursuit
only puts Faith in danger.
And you have
a better idea?
The pharmacist confirmed
that LaPorte stole insulin.
He plans on keeping Faith alive,
at least for now.
The best way
to catch this guy
is by getting one step
ahead of him.
Well, how do you plan
on doing that?
Well, learning about him,
not the crime.
If I wanted to drive in circles,
I'd rent a go-kart.
So this is
his mom's place, huh?
Yeah,
for the last six years.
Now we just wait and hope
the prick comes home.
I didn't know
Andrew Hollis well.
You guys were close?
Yeah, he was in my class
at the Academy.
Great guy,
frickin' genius.
Probably would have
made Captain.
And then he hired LaPorte.
Gave an ex-con a chance,
and look what happened.
Can't trust anybody.
I can't believe
he got Mitchell.
Will must be
losing his mind.
Oh, Mr. Spock?
Yeah, I bet
if Mitchell dies,
it'll probably ruin
his whole afternoon.
Knock it off.
That's him.
No way. Where?
No, uh--
Never mind.
It was somebody else.
What's going on with you?
I'm fine.
Go.
Okay, I'm not taking
another step
until you tell me
where we're going.
In there, in my friend
Glen's house.
No. No.
- Help! Help! Help!
- Stop. Stop! Listen to me!
I'm innocent!
Ow!
He says to the woman
he just kidnapped
in front of the truck
he stole.
I swear, I did not kill
Andrew Hollis.
The night of the crime, I was
in there with my friend, Glen.
He can prove it, and then
you can just clear my name.
You have to see the irony
in threatening to kill me
unless I convince people
you're not a killer, right?
Well, I don't have
any other options.
Now, move.
Glen?
Buddy?
Oh, God.
He's in here!
Sam, call an ambulance!
It's on its way.
Thank God.
He's still got a pulse.
Suspect's armed.
He's upstairs.
I found your gun.
This is Officer Grillo.
I'm at 64 Hawthorne Street.
I got one dead on arrival--
Glen Donato.
Shooter is
GBI Agent Faith Mitchell.
- Copy that.
- What are you doing?
It's you.
You did this to me.
Sam LaPorte's been located.
He and Mitchell
are working together.
I need backup.
Now!
I need backup!
♪ Shake it up, shake it up ♪
♪ I just got paid ♪
♪ I'm feelin',
I'm feelin' nice ♪
-♪ Just got paid, Friday night ♪
- Did you kill him?
Backup is on their way.
Proceed with caution.
Faith Mitchell and Sam LaPorte
are armed and dangerous.
- Okay, we need to go now.
- No, no.
We need to stay and explain.
Faith! They're going to
shoot us. We gotta go.
- Come on.
-♪ I'm gettin' down ♪
♪ Just got paid,
just got paid ♪
This is Officer Grillo.
I'm at 64 Hawthorne Street.
I got one dead on arrival--
Glen Donato.
Shooter is
GBI Agent Faith Mitchell.
That's it?
That doesn't prove anything.
Ballistics matched the casings
to Mitchell's handgun.
And her coat was found
at the scene of the crime.
That's hard evidence.
Faith's never pulled the trigger
on the job before.
There were scuff marks
from Faith's shoes
in the trunk of the sedan.
- She was kidnapped.
- She's your partner.
I should pull you from the case
based on your bias alone.
Oh, assign someone worse.
Be my guest.
Director Armstrong,
this isn't
the Faith Mitchell
any of us know.
The two have history.
She arrested LaPorte for
burglary seven years ago.
And it pisses me off that I had
to hear that from someone else.
I need LaPorte and Mitchell
in custody A.S.A.P.
And if the two of you
aren't up to it,
I'll find someone who is.
- We need a plan.
- Shut up.
I need to think.
I need to get a message
to my partner.
- Can we call him?
- With what phone?
I may have killed
an innocent,
highly-decorated
police officer.
You're a convicted murderer.
Even if I could call Will, APD
has already tapped his phone.
They've already tapped
everybody's phone.
We got a manhunt!
Earlier today, Sam LaPorte,
convicted of killing
Officer Andrew Hollis,
escaped from APD custody
with the help of
GBI Agent Faith Mitchell.
Devious!
They were last seen
driving a black F-150.
Do with that what you will, snitches.
Okay, you did not
kill Andrew Hollis.
- I know.
- He kept Glen from testifying
and killed him
after you escaped.
- I know.
- You were framed.
Yeah, I said that
a few times, too.
We need to find a place
to lay low.
We're gonna get through this Together.
Okay. Well, you do know
what they say.
There are two I's
in "fugitive."
Yeah, there's also
an F and a U.
All right, we're just south
of some cabins I know about.
They should be empty
this time of year.
Where are you going?
To get a lottery ticket.
The bathroom.
I'll be quick.
Okay, can you uncuff me
first, please?
Be right back, okay?
Hey, there.
I know, I know.
I look a mess.
I'm having a bad day.
Hey, what do you do
when you have bad days?
Eat candy.
Yeah, well,
when I have bad days,
I like to look
at pictures of puppies.
You know, my friend has
a really cute dog.
You wanna see?
Hey, Nico.
It's Faith.
Tell Will that I'm safe
and I did not kill anyone
and I left my gun
at the courthouse.
Hey!
Start the truck,
start the truck.
You okay?
What were you doing
with my son?
I'm gonna call the police!
Thank you, Patrick.
Nine months is a big deal.
Keep it up, brother.
Would anyone else
like to share?
I would, please.
The floor is yours.
Uh, hi, I'm Angie.
I'm an alcoholic,
a drug addict,
and a Sagittarius.
Hi, Angie.
I am 81 days sober, and...
today's a rough one.
I saw someone today that I hoped
I would never see again,
and now I feel powerless
and, uh,
I feel exactly like
I did the last time I saw him
when I was 15.
Uh, my colleague is...
She's been kidnapped,
and I'm supposed to be
out there looking for her,
and all I can think of is...
Oh, man.
It was so much more fun
telling y'all
about when I got kicked
out of the aquarium.
That man I saw today
was supposed to protect me
because I was a kid.
But he always said he'd rather
treat me as a woman instead.
And I just wish I could forget
that scumbag existed,
but he's back.
Oh, my partner's calling me
non-stop,
and I feel like I'm getting
pulled in a million directions.
But the fact that I'm here
right now means, uh,
in this moment, at least...
I'm in control.
Faith Mitchell.
I can't believe it.
I guess she and LaPorte
had a thing.
Glen was dead
when you arrived?
Who tried
to stop the bleeding?
What?
The pillow.
That bloodstain pattern.
He must've rolled onto it.
Who the hell
let you in here, anyway?
My partner's still missing,
and the door was open.
Your partner tried
to kill me.
Why didn't she?
What's that supposed
to mean?
She killed Glen, right?
You arrived on the scene.
Why didn't she
kill you, too?
- Enough.
- Look, where's Angie?
She had an appointment.
What's more important
than this?
Look, I'm not keeping tabs
on your girlfriend for you,
Trent, all right?
I got this.
What happened
to your neck, Tate?
Oh, this?
Faith strangled me.
With what?
Those look
like ligature marks.
You know, this
homicide case is APD.
GBI was just asked
to help assist in the manhunt.
You're out of
your jurisdiction, Trent.
Again.
I'll walk you out.
Glen's car cost more
than everything in his house.
Wonder how
he afforded that.
You should look
into the VIN.
Oh, I don't need you
to tell me how to do my job.
Are you sure?
Because that crime scene's
busted. It's staged.
And either you're bad at your
job, or you're in on it, too.
In on what?
It's not your case, Trent,
so let it go!
My partner's being framed
for murder! I can't let it go!
Then don't let it go--
someplace else.
Look, I can't explain
those bullet casings,
but if Faith really
shot Glen,
why didn't she use
the same gun on Tate, too?
Think about it.
His neck.
Those are ligature marks.
Faith had handcuffs on.
That's a lot
of leaps, Trent.
I'm going back inside.
That bloody pillow
says everything.
Thanks for the input.
Yeah.
Faith used someone's phone
to send Betty
a message on the 'gram.
Smart.
She says she's safe
and she didn't kill anyone,
and she left her gun
at the courthouse.
Does that make sense
to you?
Yes.
Yes, it does.
We're here. See?
- Now, that wasn't so bad.
- Okay, let me down.
How about a thank you for
carrying you through the woods?
Oh, how about thank you
for saving your life?
You know what?
You might not be a murderer,
but you are an idiot.
And you're my prisoner.
I mean, girl,
those socks are wild.
Oh, you think it's funny
that I lost my shoes
and my favorite coat
while being held hostage
at gunpoint?
Most comedians
have a tight five,
but you-- you got
a tight 25 to life.
- Sam, sit.
- That was a good one.
You really don't
remember me, huh?
Okay, May 11, 2016.
I was at a Best Buy...
unlawfully.
Come on.
You arrested me.
- Maybe.
- No, I'm telling you.
How many times
have you been arrested?
Cool.
Whatever that number is,
there have been weeks
where I did triple.
Well, you were kind.
I never forgot it.
Yeah, well, the next time
you wanna say thanks,
just [sighs] send flowers.
Hey, what do you know
about that fridge?
- Nothing.
- Good answer.
Follow me.
What's left of my
favorite outfit is ruined,
so I'm gonna
take a shower.
And when I get back,
I want you to tell me
everything there is to know
about this fridge.
- Seriously?
- Mm.
This is so messed up.
Yep.
Thanks for saving my life.
Thanks for ruining mine!
I need all the security footage
from the courthouse.
Well, where the hell is it?
I'll call you back.
I had a BPA expert
check the pillow.
Transfer stains.
Faith must have held it
against Glen's chest
to stop the bleeding.
You were right.
I set a meeting
with Andrew Hollis' widow
at my house.
You coming?
Yeah.
Please, come in.
No, no.
- This was a mistake.
- Mrs. Hollis.
- Maia.
- Don't you dare.
Like we're old friends.
Mrs. Hollis.
Maia, we have questions
about Andrew's murder.
Where were you
when I found my husband's body?
When that maniac...
Do you have any whiskey?
I'm afraid
this is a dry house.
That's just great.
Do you think Sam LaPorte
killed your husband?
Andrew liked him.
Wanted to give an ex-con
doing right a leg up.
Why didn't you testify?
My testimony
was not needed.
Tate was the tragic hero
in search for justice.
No one cared about me.
- That's not true.
- Oh, please.
You dropped off a casserole
and disappeared.
Tate ran the investigation.
I asked how you were doing constantly,
and he said you didn't want
to see any of us.
Officer Grillo was
keeping you isolated.
He controlled the narrative.
I couldn't talk to anyone
without him by my side.
Snooped around my house
all hours of the night.
I swear he had
my phone tapped.
Do you have any idea
what Tate was looking for?
I can't. I'm sorry.
Look, I understand
that you're scared.
All right,
but what you know
might help save
someone else's life.
My husband was an honest cop.
He knew Tate wasn't.
He suspected he was
stealing evidence.
He knew Internal Affairs
wouldn't listen without proof.
So he started
to put together a file.
Do you know
where that file is?
I looked everywhere.
I never found it.
Was there anything else
going on
around the time
of Andrew's murder?
Andrew planted
a bunch of bamboo,
and I didn't like it.
So he finally agreed
to change the backyard.
Two weeks into the job,
he was murdered.
Would it be possible for me to
take a look around your house?
I moved after he passed.
Too many memories.
Andrew was right
about Tate.
But he's not just a bad cop.
He's a sociopath.
Sam?
Sam!
What the hell
are you doing?
Sam LaPorte, you are
a fugitive from the law.
Put your hands up
or I will shoot.
One more move
and your head will be next.
Wow, that was
a good shot.
- Put your face on the floor!
- Okay. Okay, okay, okay.
Go!
What happened to there
being two I's in fugitive?
My fate relies on your partner
checking his doggy DMs.
And while I'd love to put
my faith in law enforcement,
I think that ship
has sailed.
Look, we need to move.
All right, I got some friends
in North Carolina.
They-- They can get us
some passports.
Just get a grip, man.
Will needs time
to do his job,
and you're my prisoner--
my responsibility.
And we're gonna live
through this.
- You just tried to shoot me.
- And whose fault is that?
As of right now, assigning blame
is a little complicated.
We only had
two bullets left, dummy.
Hey, uh, any update
on Mitchell?
Nothing solid.
What's going on?
Where have you been?
Um, can you do me a favor?
Can you verify that
that's the current address
for Lenny Broussard?
Run it yourself.
Please?
I can't have
my name on it.
What'd this Lenny guy
do to you?
I was in his foster care
for a little--
It wasn't great.
Must've paroled
and no one told me.
But last night,
I was with my friend Glen.
Okay, look.
We got into an argument
when I tried
to replace some bamboo
with some rose bushes,
but listen, I--
I get it.
I mean, it's his money,
his house.
Jeremy.
What are you doing here?
Police brought me in
for questioning.
- Do you really think that--
- No, I don't.
Well, what if
something's wrong--
Jeremy, listen to me.
We're gonna get her back.
I told you
to wait in my office.
And the pizza's here.
Any ideas?
Yeah.
But I think it's best
to keep you out of it.
Yeah.
How quickly
can you find a shovel?
These flashlights
are real subtle.
What the hell
are we doing here?
Well, Sam says he
and Andrew got into an argument
about removing bamboo.
Maybe Andrew didn't want him
touching it
because that's where he was
hiding the file on Tate.
Under the bamboo?
Seriously?
Sounds like a job
for the GBI's Panda Unit.
It's the only lead
we have, all right?
You got a better idea?
Nobody's home.
Now you tell me?
You need a boost?
Could you move your arm?
Not a team sports guy, huh?
Well...
If you're wrong about this,
we're gonna look pretty stupid.
Uh, there's a suspect for you
in holding.
My suspect, right.
Thanks, Lau.
I was told
that I was being brought in
for disorderly conduct.
I don't understand.
Lenny.
Angie.
You're so grown up.
- How--
- Not your type anymore, huh?
Hold on, please.
Angie, I'm sorry.
I am so...
incredibly sorry.
You're sorry for raping me
when I was 15?
Or for getting me pregnant?
Or for all the other girls,
'cause I can't be the only one.
All of it.
I'm sorry for everything.
What I did to you, to myself.
Awful.
I wish
I could take it back.
Listen, I--
Prison changed me.
I have been clean
for 12 years,
and I wanted
to make amends.
And so I have a-- a letter
that I wrote and rewrote,
but now you're here, and I still
don't know what to say,
except for I'm sorry
for what I did.
And all I can do
is promise you
that I am not
that man anymore.
It's great to see you...
helping people for a living.
I can't do this.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
Here's what I don't get--
You blow your nose
with that thing, right?
Then you just keep it
in your pocket all day?
Yeah, Angie won't
answer me, either.
It's a serious question.
You know, I don't know how
you do it, Ormewood, honestly.
All those deep thoughts
just swirling around your head.
That's either a septic tank
or a miracle.
Yeah.
Oh.
Under the bamboo.
Lenny,
what did they want?
I don't know.
It was just a big misunderstanding.
Your mother worries
too much.
Isn't that right, Crystal?
You know, it's surprisingly easy
to pick these locks.
You just need a paperclip,
a little bit of patience.
I guess that works, too.
Well, Andrew was nothing
if not thorough.
He had records of every
evidence seizure.
What they found and then
what they brought in.
And we're talking guns,
drugs, and money.
Yeah, Andrew took
these photos
a few weeks
before he was murdered.
Trent.
APD got a tip
from a sheriff in Pickens.
A lady said two people
tried to steal her phone
at a gas station.
Profiles match Faith
and LaPorte.
What's in Pickens?
A few years ago, there was
a string of burglaries
at a resort community.
MO matches LaPorte's.
He might be headed back.
We've gotta get there before
someone takes a shot at Faith.
We just found proof
that Tate was keeping evidence,
stealing it.
Hollis knew.
We got enough
to re-open the case.
I want that on my desk now.
I'll follow up
on the evidence.
This is Detective Ormewood.
What's he doing there
with you?
I'm on the right side
of this, ma'am.
I hope so.
Get it done.
Will, I'm on my way.
I got this.
Go get your partner.
Thank you.
Don't make it weird.
I don't know how not to.
♪ Think of the future ♪
♪ Forget about the past ♪
You gotta peel
the paper off first.
Oh, my gosh.
You're horrible at this.
Okay, well,
you're a criminal.
Your knife skills
are criminal.
Put some tomatoes in it.
♪ Our love will last ♪
♪ Every day ♪
Okay.
Salt and pepper.
No, actually, um, there's
some... pine nuts in the fridge.
Bottom left shelf.
You told me
to get to learn the fridge.
I listened.
You know, people always
talk about murder and arson,
but you wanna know the most
heinous crime of them all is?
The price of pine nuts.
Dump 'em.
Yep, there goes somebody's
college tuition, right there.
Where did you learn
how to cook?
My mom.
- Your mom.
- Mm-hmm.
What's she like?
Oh, she never missed
a single day of my trial.
And, you know, it didn't look
good from the jump,
but she kept showing up.
All right, let me taste.
Mmm.
Not bad.
Needs some pepper.
- Your mom...
- Yeah?
- She sounds great.
- Yeah, she is.
You know, she lent me the money
to help me start my business.
- Your landscaping business.
- Mm-hmm.
Okay, so did you have,
like, employees?
- Yeah, I, uh, had employees.
- Mm.
Um, Glen was one of them.
I am so sorry.
- He was your friend.
- Yeah.
Everything happened
so fast today.
I just didn't have
time to think.
Yeah.
Look, I made
a lot of mistakes,
and, you know,
I turned things around
and then, you know,
this happened.
My life is over.
No. Not yet.
We're gonna
make things right.
♪ I promise, darling ♪
Get down.
Shh.
Faith Mitchell!
I know you're in there!
You hand Sam over,
we can work something out.
Or I can just start lobbing
grenades in the living room.
I'm going out there.
- No, no, no. Don't.
- I have to.
Hey.
Thank you...
for everything.
You stay here.
You're my responsibility,
and I will protect you.
Tate!
I'm only gonna ask you
this once.
Get back in the car--
Backup's on the way, Mitchell.
It's all over.
You and your mom are leaving
quite the legacy.
- Aaaah!
- Sam!
Hey.
Drop your weapon!
Get your hands
over your head!
Don't shoot!
My name is Faith Mitchell,
and I'm a GBI agent.
Where is she?
Come on.
Let's get out of here.
Hey, wait right there.
Not so fast.
Special Agent Mitchell is
under arrest for shooting a cop.
Three hours ago,
Detective Ormewood and the GBI
seized stolen cash
and several weapons,
including the gun used
to murder Officer Hollis.
And what does that have to do
with the fact
that she murdered a cop?
It was found in a storage unit
rented by Tate Grillo.
Special Agent Mitchell
was defending herself
against a criminal,
and she's coming home with me.
I'm sorry.
You did the right thing, Faith.
You did.
This is how you decide to
tell me Betty has a puppygram?
They're overturning
your conviction.
It's official-- you did not
murder Andrew Hollis.
- H--
- Will did.
He found the weapon that Tate
used to kill Andrew.
So, does that mean
I get to go home?
You still escaped
from custody,
assaulted an officer
at the courtroom,
kidnapped me, uh,
stole two vehicles,
and broke into a cabin.
Yeah, don't forget
about your diabetes medication.
Yeah, I'll put in
a good word with the DA.
Take care of yourself, Sam.
It's okay if I call you
when I get out?
♪ It's okay in the day,
I'm staying busy ♪
Hey.
♪ Tied up enough ♪
♪ So I don't have to wonder ♪
Is Faith okay?
Yeah.
She'll be all right.
Um...
I didn't hear from you
at all yesterday.
♪ ...a 180♪
♪ I'll stay up,
clean the house ♪
♪ At least I'm not drinking ♪
What's this?
It's non-alcoholic.
Is there a problem?
Did something happen?
God, you have no idea.
♪ ...that everyone gets ♪
Why are you trying
to pick a fight?
♪ Just disappears ♪
What's going on, huh?
Are you not gonna
look at me?
Come on.
We've been
doing so good, Angie.
You can tell me.
Whatever it is.
♪ ...by the bed ♪
♪ Pour myself over him ♪
I-It's...
It was nothing.
Just... a tough day.
I'm just really glad
that Faith is okay.
You did great work.
♪ And I wake up alone ♪